Add troubleshooting for M1 Macs (#266)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: setup.md

[pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) is the package management system for Python software packages.
It is integrated into your local Python installation and runs regardless of your operating system too.

> ### Troubleshooting for Macs with Apple M1 chip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Troubleshooting for newer Macs
```

Reviewer 2: [Apple](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT211814) call them `Macs with Apple silicon`. We could use same word here.

Author: I went for Cunliang's suggestion

> Newer Macs (from 2020 onwards) often have an Apple M1 chip instead of Intel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Newer Macs (from 2020 onwards) often have a different kind of chip, manufactured by Apple instead of Intel.
```

I recommend avoiding referring to M1 specifically. I think M2s are already in production and other numbers will presumably appear in the future as well.
